ATTACK ON TITAN--this show is legit so good. s1 may be a bit draggy and boring  but once s2 starts things start to get rlly complicated and fast. trust me its rly good. the animation is literally gold and  the peeps at wit studio are so talented. the mc is also written rlly well. the show on the whole has a lot of meaning too.(and the music is so good)
DEMON SLAYER--if u like aot then you'll probaly like kny too lmao. the story is rlly good and characters are rlly interesting. tanjiro is one of the best mcs ever PERIODT :) characters are rlly loveable too. demon slayer has a lot of meaning too.
HYOUKA--srsly why do i not find any hyouka related content on tiktok. the show is literally so underrated >:< if u like a bit of romance and mystery then hyouka would be my reccomendation. its also lowkey like slice of life or school au. pls go check it out its rlly good.
NISEKOI--this is a rlly good harem anime-its my first actually lmao. but the story plot is rllly intersting. if u like stories where the characters had some sort of connected past i rlly reccomend nisekoi. its lacking s2 tho :( but still :)
VIOLET EVERGARDEN--if u wanna cry u might wanna watch violet evergarden. its legit so sad but each part in *spoiler* violets role as a automated doll has so much meaning, be it love or family or friends its just g o l d. get some tissues th0
KAGUYA SAMA LOVE IS WAR-- if u like a bit of comedy and romance u shld watch love is war. its kinda like a game too actually lmao. its rlly interesting. op 2 slaps periodt. its rly fun to watch when u need a break.
MOB PSYCHO 100-- omg this anime is so underrated i just *cannot* comprehend why this anime isnt mainstream im so mad. the story plot is rly good and the characters are written rlly well too. the mc is so loveable and hes quite well writen. thers a bit of one-sided romance tho so ye. nevertheless its still rlly good na dthe ed and ops slap hard.the animation is also rly good
ONE PUNCH MAN--if  u like action and a bit of comedy you would rlly like opm its also rly good. op 1 slaps periodt. this show is practically never boring and its not rlly like a typical hero show. the entire show on a whole is rlly speial and interesting and i rlly reccomend this.
THE HELPFUL FOX SENKO SAN--isf u like cute animes with fox girls of waifu material  u shld watch this anime. the plot is kinda like isekai and a slice of life at the same time. idk im not rlly sure but its kinda good i guess. go check it out if u want
KAKURIYO NO YADOMESHI--just thinking of this anime makes me feel hungry lmao. if u like shogenki no soma with more fantasy and supernatural aspects then you'll definitely like kakuriyo. op 1 slaps tho. its like a cooking anime but in a supernatural setting and super natural characters and i rlly reccomend this
MONTHLY GIRLS NOZAKI KUN-- if u like somewhat typical romance anime in a high school setting with a little bit of comedy u shld watch this. i tried the first few episodes and it turns out to be rlly interesting. if u like drawing anime art urself u may like this too
